.TH obs 1 "2025-12-13" "daily-note"
.SH NAME
obs \- command dispatcher for daily-note scripts
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B obs
[\-\-uninstall]
.BR -o " <operation> " [ -- ] [ args... ]
.BR -h , " --help"
.BR -v , " --version"

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B obs
is a small command dispatcher that invokes the helper scripts installed
by the daily-note package. It accepts a single operation via
.BR -o " <operation> " and forwards any remaining arguments to the
corresponding script.

The following operations are supported:
.TP
.BR job
Manage job-related notes (add/query job notes). See jobs(1).
.TP
.BR note
Create various note types (journal, training, zettelkasten). See create_note(1).
.TP
.BR git
Synchronise or inspect vault git repository (gitnotes). See gitnotes(1).
.TP
.BR search
Interactive search across the vault (search). See search(1).
.TP
.BR diary
Diary helpers (shortcut to daily notes search). Equivalent to: \fBobs -o search -- diary\fR.
.TP
.BR hist
History utilities for notes (histnotes). See histnotes(1).

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR -o " <operation>"
Specify the operation to run. Required.
.TP
.BR -h , " --help"
Show this help and exit.
.TP
.BR -v , " --version"
Print the installed package version and exit. The shim reads the `VERSION` value persisted by the installer (written to `scripts/.env` in the installed tree) or falls back to a release tag when available.
.TP
.BR --uninstall
When invoked as the installed shim (\fBobs\fR), delegates to the installer to
remove installed files (scripts, shim and manpage). Use with care.

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Run the job add flow interactively
.RS
.nf
obs -o job -- -a -j "SRE" -c "ExampleCorp"
.fi
.RE
.TP
Open interactive search
.RS
.nf
obs -o search
.fi
.RE

.SH FILES
.BR $XDG_DATA_HOME/daily-note/scripts/ 
Install location for the helper scripts (example: ~/.local/share/daily-note/scripts/).
.BR $XDG_BIN_HOME/obs
Installed shim (example: ~/.local/bin/obs).
.BR $XDG_DATA_HOME/daily-note/share/man/man1/obs.1
Installed manpage location (add to MANPATH to use with man).

.SH AUTHOR
Daily-note project
